---
title: Before You Apply
---

# Before You Apply

As always we welcome repeat applications from prior years' successful
contributors, but in the interest of fairness the application and judging
process will be the same for all applicants. We have no set quota for returning
contributors.

All applicants' information will be treated with the utmost confidence.

Please note that this is a not-for-profit project, and all contributions are
done on a voluntary basis. **There is no monetary compensation for
contributors.** Contributors do receive a digital copy of the calendar for free
and may purchase a single printed copy or merch bundle at cost to help offset
production costs and ensure as much money as possible can go to our chosen
charity.

## Code of Conduct

DAA has a strict anti-harassment stance including harassment of other fans and
Bioware personnel. As part of our application process, we do review applicants'
social media for inflammatory posts, dogpiling, suicide-baiting, and other
harassment techniques.

Should we become aware of a contributors' participation in such activities prior
to or during production, we may take action up to and including removal from the
project or barring from future participation. Incidents (past and present) are
evaluated on a case-by-case basis and the action taken may be influenced by many
factors.

Contributors may also be removed or barred for failures to check-in on time,
ghosting on the project in past years, or for unprofessional or rude attitudes.

## Portfolio Reviews

- **We give preference to Dragon Age fans.** When choosing between two
  contributors with similar scoring during our reviews, preference is given to
  someone who has submitted Dragon Age pieces or has DA fandom accounts. If your
  portfolio is of your non-DA professional work, but you have a presence in DA
  under a different username, please let us know in your application!

### Artists

- **There is no minimum or maximum number of pieces to include.** Please provide
  a sampling of your work which shows the various skills and styles you are
  capable of and which presents your art at its best.
- **For the main calendar, we do not have a preference for style.** Our goal
  with the main calendar is to represent a variety of art styles. Past pieces
  have ranged from cartoon/anime-inspired to painterly to realism, and
  everything in between. Instead, we tend to look at things like overall
  composition, colour choices, and strong backgrounds to make our selections.

  Our selections for merch artists depend on our plans for merch. For example,
  we may favor a style with strong, clear lines for stickers or pins. Overall,
  the best plan is to show us _your_ individual style as an artist, and we'll do
  our best to figure out how we can play to your strengths.

### Writers

- **There is no minimum or maximum number of pieces to include.** Please provide
  a sampling of your work which shows the various skills and styles you are
  capable of and presents your writing at its best.

- **We do not have a preference for style.** However, keep in mind that writing
  flash fic with tight word counts is a different skill set than writing long
  fic. The more samples you have of 700 word or less writing, the better!

- **We judge on characterization.** We cannot guarantee all three mods will be
  able to judge this category for non-Dragon Age characters or OCs. Please try
  to include samples with multiple canon Dragon Age characters or unique voices
  (i.e. an in universe codex, a character piece, and a descriptive piece.)

## Expectations

The expectations below are not in any way exhaustive. If you are accepted as a
contributor, you will receive additional guidelines and information during the
production process. However, please keep these minimum expectations below when
deciding whether or not DAA is a good fit for you!

- All contributors (including moderators) are expected to adhere to the Code of
  Conduct.

- Contributors are expected to be _flexible_. This applies to: choosing topics
  and pieces, understanding when production changes have to be made, and working
  with moderators for revisions. In exchange, moderators also pledge to be
  flexible. Although we do have final say, we promise to be understanding of
  real life setbacks which might impact your ability to check-in, considerate of
  your artistic ideas, etc. Please note this is not an exhaustive list of the
  areas where flexibility are required from contributors and given by
  moderators.

- Contributors are expected to meet check-in requirements and production
  deadlines.

- All contributors are expected to behave professionally and courteously to
  other contributors and to moderators.

- All contributors must be open to review and feedback of their work from
  moderators.

### Artists

- **Main Calendar:** Artists are expected to produce one A4-sized piece adhering
  to guidelines and theme. Broad strokes of the theme and expectations are
  listed in the application each year, with more details being received upon
  acceptance.

- **Merch:** Guidelines for merch will vary based on the items being produced.

- **Artists may pull double duty.** If artists are up to it, they may pull
  double duty for both the main calendar and merch. Artists pulling double duty
  may have altered check-ins from normal. These artists are expected to work
  closely with moderators!

### Writers

- **Pieces:** Writers will produce two works related to two different art
  pieces. Pieces will vary from approximately 200 words to approximately 500
  words depending on calendar space and layout.

- **Editing:** In addition to receiving feedback from moderators, writers should
  be open to editing their pieces for both space constraints and based on the
  suggestions of betas. Note that this does NOT mean that all suggestions from
  Betas MUST be followed, but Writers should be open to considering them seriously.
