---
layout: ../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro
title: Before You Apply
description:
  Please take the time to read the information below carefully before you apply.
---

We thank you for your interest in contributing to Dragon Age Annual! Please take
the time to read the information below carefully before you apply.

## General Information

**DAA is a not-for-profit project and all contributions are done on a voluntary
basis.** There is no monetary or physical product compensation for contributors.
Contributors are entitled to a free copy of the pdf of the calendar. In past
years, we have also been pleased to be able to allow contributors to purchase
**one** physical copy of the calendar or merch bundle (their choice) at cost.
Please note: since DAA's primary goal is to raise money for charity, we cannot
guarantee that an "at cost" copy will be available for purchase and cannot
extend this offer to more than one copy. **All** profits will be donated to the
chosen charity for the year.

**We do not accept any applications of AI-generated works or where others’
creations have been traced or used as "bases".** All works should be your own.

As always if you have any questions about the application process, please reach
out to us via social media or email dragonageannual@gmail.com.

## Code of Conduct

1. DAA has a _strict_ anti-harassment stance including harassment of other fans
   and BioWare personnel. As part of our application process, we do review
   applicants' social media to ensure alignment with this core value. Harassment
   may include, but is not limited to, any of the following: dogpiling, making
   intentionally inflammatory posts/hot takes, suicide-baiting, participating in
   call-outs, etc.

2. We ask that all contributors conduct themselves with professionalism and
   kindness throughout their involvement with the Annual. We are grateful to
   attract a diverse team and ask that you treat your fellow contributors and
   moderators with respect.

3. Because a calendar has a fixed minimum number of pages that must be produced,
   each piece is **critical** to production. Therefore, we ask that you only
   apply if you are confident in your ability to deliver your assigned piece(s)
   within the project’s deadline.

Should we become aware of any breach in our code of conduct we may take action
up to and including removal from the project or barring from future
participation.

## Expectations

If you are accepted as a contributor, you will receive additional guidelines,
templates, and information during the production process. However, please keep
these minimum expectations in mind when deciding whether or not DAA is a good
fit for you!

- **All forms of AI-generated content are strictly prohibited within the
  project.** All works must be previously unpublished, original, and created for
  DAA by you.
- All contributors (including moderators) are expected to adhere to the Code of
  Conduct.
- Contributors are expected to be flexible. This applies to:
  - the selection of subject matter for your piece(s)
  - understanding when production changes must be made
  - working with moderators for revisions

  In exchange, moderators also pledge to be flexible. Although we do have final
  say, we promise to be understanding of real life setbacks which might impact
  your ability to check in and will always give weight to contributors' artistic
  ideas.

- Contributors are expected to meet check-in requirements and production
  deadlines. In the event an extension is needed or you have to drop out of the
  project, you are expected to contact a moderator as soon as possible.

- All contributors must be open to review and feedback on their work from
  moderators.

- Contributors will need to complete works in 2-4 months to meet production
  deadlines. Detailed timelines are provided upon acceptance.

### Artists

- _Wall Calendar:_ Artists are expected to produce one landscape-oriented,
  A4-sized piece adhering to guidelines and theme.

- We select the cover artist from among other artist applications. The cover
  artist will be expected to create **two** landscape-oriented, A4-sized pieces
  (one for the front and one for the back) fitting the theme.

- _Merch:_ Guidelines for merch will vary based on the items being produced. We
  are very happy to consider your creative requests for items!

- _Merch (Zine):_ Artists are expected to produce one portrait-oriented A6-sized
  piece or one short (2-3 pages) comic, adhering to guidelines and theme.
  Depending on space in the zine, artists may be allowed to produce more than
  one piece, if they so choose.

- **Artists may apply for both the Wall Calendar and Merch roles.** If an Artist
  is selected for both roles, they are encouraged to work with moderators if
  they find they will need flexibility in meeting deadlines for all their
  pieces.

- Detailed concepts will be reviewed and approved by the mod team during the
  earliest stages of production. Please do not begin earnest work on your piece
  until your concept has been approved.

### Writers

- _Pieces:_
  - _Calendar Writers_ will produce two works related to two different art
    pieces. Pieces will vary from approximately 200 words to approximately 600
    words depending on calendar space and layout.

  - _Merch (Zine) Writers_ will produce one work based on the Dragon Age Tarot
    theme. The piece will vary from approximately 1000 words to 2000 words
    depending on zine space and layout.

- _Editing:_ In addition to receiving feedback from moderators, writers will
  also receive feedback from betas. Note that this does NOT mean that all
  suggestions from betas MUST be followed, but writers should be open to
  considering them seriously.

- Due to space constraints, writers will also need to be flexible concerning
  their pieces' length and formatting to ensure proper printing.

- The matching of writers to artists will take place after the artists' concepts
  have been approved during the earliest stages of production.

- **Writers may apply for both the Wall Calendar and Merch roles.** If a Writer
  is selected for both roles, they are encouraged to work with moderators if
  they find they will need flexibility in meeting deadlines for all their
  pieces.

### Support Roles

- _Betas:_ Review and verify accuracy of all copy produced for the Annual. This
  can include but is not limited to writer’s stories, cover copy, website text,
  contributor spotlights, and credits pages.

- **Prospective Writers may also apply as Betas.**

- _Graphic Designers:_ Create graphics for use in advertising on social media,
  including but not limited to announcement banners, contributor spotlight &
  preview templates, and product preview cards. Graphic designers will also
  assist the production team with typesetting for the calendar and zine and may
  be asked to create text-based merchandise items, depending on interest.

## Portfolio Reviews

_As always we welcome repeat applications from prior years' successful
contributors, but in the interest of fairness the application and judging
process will be the same for all applicants. We have no set quota for returning
contributors._

All applicants' information will be treated with the utmost confidence.

**We give preference to Dragon Age fans when choosing between two contributors
with similar scoring during our reviews.** If your portfolio is of your non-DA
professional work, but you have a presence in DA under a different username,
please let us know in your application!

### Artists

- We can no longer accept portfolios that are hosted solely on Twitter/X because
  they cannot be accessed without an account.

- If your portfolio is hosted on a social media site, you must link to a hashtag
  or feed of ONLY your art. It is not acceptable to link to a feed that includes
  reblogs/reposts of others' art intermixed with your own.

- Please provide a sampling of your work (minimum 5 pieces) which shows the
  various skills and styles you are capable of and which presents your art at
  its best.

- For your portfolios, we do not have a preference for style. For the 2026
  theme, we are asking that artists emulate the Dragon Age tarot or mural style.

- Scoring will be based on overall composition, color choices, strong
  backgrounds, and technique.

- Merchandise artists do not need to have created similar merch before; however,
  if you have designed similar merch (even in other fandoms) for projects or for
  your own shops, please do include those samples (even if they are from another
  fandom!).

- Overall, the best plan is to show us _your_ individual style as an artist, and
  we'll do our best to figure out how we can play to your strengths.

### Writers

- Please provide a sampling of your work (minimum 3) that shows the various
  skills and styles you are capable of and presents your writing at its best.

- We do not have a preference for style. However, keep in mind that writing
  flash fic with tight word counts is a different skill set than writing long
  fic. The more samples you have of 700 word or less writing, the better!

- We judge on grammar, technique, and characterization. We cannot guarantee all
  three mods will be able to judge characterization for non-Dragon Age
  characters or OCs. Please try to include samples with multiple canon Dragon
  Age characters and with unique forms (for example, an in universe codex, a
  character piece, and a descriptive piece).

### Support Roles (Betas & Graphics)

- Please provide a few examples of your work whether completed professionally or
  in a fandom setting.

- It is also helpful if you’re able to describe a little about your practical
  experience.
