---
title: Purchasing Terms & Conditions
description:
  Dragon Age Annual purchasing terms and conditions. Please read carefully
  before you purchase.
---

# Purchasing Terms & Conditions

## Delivery & Shipping

Physical copies of the Calendar will be printed and shipped from the UK using
Royal Mail. The target shipping date for all physical calendars is December
1, 2023. **Please be aware that due to sanctions there are a number of countries
we are currently
[unable to ship to](https://www.royalmail.com/sending/international-sanctions).**

For US addresses, the Calendars are shipped around middle of November in bulk to
our US mod who then re-ships within the US. The bulk package usually arrives to
our US mod within 2 weeks. Once they are re-shipped — our goal is to do this
within 3-5 Business Days (defined as calendar days not including Saturday,
Sunday,
[US Federal Holidays](https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/pay-leave/federal-holidays/#url=2023),
or [UK bank holidays](https://www.gov.uk/bank-holidays)) — packages inside the
US _usually_ arrive within 3-5 Business Days; packages to US territories or APOs
do take longer.

Based on standard last shipping dates we would expect the physical copies of the
Calendar to be with everyone before Christmas. **However, this is not
guaranteed.** We cannot offer refunds based on late arrival. (Please see
[Returns & Refunds](/#returns--refunds) for more information.)

For general shipping updates, please follow us on social media!

Digital copies of the Calendar will be available to download from itch.io on
December 16, 2023.

## Printing at Home

We welcome purchasers to print at home or at local printers! Please note that
our Calendar pages are A4 (210 x 297 mm) which may not be standard sizing,
particularly in the US and Canada.

If printing at home, please test a single page first to ensure your printer is
suitably scaled.

## Fees

**Free untracked worldwide shipping is included in all orders of the Physical
Calendar and Merch Bundle.** As with all internationally shipped products, there
may be additional customs costs or taxes.

Dragon Age Annual is not liable for these costs. Please consider any additional
potential local costs as part of your purchase price for affordability.

Paypal takes a small merchant fee for each transaction (3.6% + 0.30 USD, for
more details see
[Paypal's UK Merchant Fees](https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/merchant-fees)).

## Ownership & Rights

Purchasers of our calendar may display for personal use. Any attempt to further
distribute the calendar is not permitted. Our contributors retain sole rights to
the works contained within.

_Dragon Age is owned by BioWare and EA. Our project is 100% unofficial and
not-for-profit._

## Returns & Refunds

Returns will only be accepted through PayPal and only prior to product shipment.
If a refund is requested, we will refund the amount of the purchase _minus_ any
Paypal fees incurred by us.

We do not offer refunds based on "late arrival" of your purchase.

Signed Calendars purchased via Tiltify auction are non-refundable and
non-returnable.

## Cancellation

We reserve the right to cancel your purchase of a Calendar or Merch Bundle.
Reasons for cancellation may include:

- **failure to provide a valid shipping address.**

  If we have not received an address via itch.io or the address provided cannot
  be validated, we will contact you using the email from your order. If we have
  not received a valid address after 5 Business Days from the day we send the email, your order will be
  cancelled and a full refund (minus Paypal fees) will be provided.

- **notification you have filed a Paypal or other fraud claim.**

  If we receive notification you have filed a Paypal or other fraud claim on
  your purchase prior to shipping, you will not be entitled to receive the
  Calendar or Merch package you purchased. Should we be notified you have
  processed a claim _after_ shipping, you may not be entitled to purchase from
  us in the future and we may choose to cancel any future orders.

The above reasons are not exhaustive. Should we exercise the right to cancel
your order, you will be notified via the email provided in your itch.io
purchase.
